---
date: 2020-09-12 19:00:00Z
title: An Afternoon with the AYA Piano Trio
artists: 
   - Angela Chan, violin
   - Andres Sanchez, cello
   - Ying Li, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

Based in Philadelphia, the AYA Trio was formed in 2013 at the Curtis Institute of Music
where they have since studied with Peter Wiley as their main coach and regularly with
Jonathan Biss, Arnold Steinhardt, and Meng-Chieh Liu.

The trio have performed extensively across the U.S. In 2018, they won the WDAV Young Chamber
Musicians Competition in NC, where they were just recently re-invited for a residency of
recordings and concerts. They have participated in chamber music festivals including the
Shouse Institute of Music of the Great Lakes Chamber Music Festival in Detroit and the
Norfolk Chamber Music Festival in northwestern Connecticut.

Recent engagements include a residency in Memphis as part of the Concerts International
Series, a New York City Debut at the Mannes New School Concert Series, and a Beethoven
Triple concerto performance with the Waterbury Symphony.

<br>

### Ying Li

{% include cmm/figure.html name="ying-li.jpg" align="left" %}

Pianist Ying Li, entered the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia in 2012 as a student
of Robert McDonald, Seymour Lipkin. and Jonathan Biss, and has just graduated from The
Juilliard School.

Ms. Li has appeared as a soloist with numerous orchestras including her most recent debut
with the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra. She has also worked with Symphony in C, the Longwood
Symphony Orchestra, the Brevard Music Center Orchestra, the St. Petersburg Chamber
Philharmonic Orchestra, and the “Mihail Jora” Philharmonic Orchestra of Romania.

Some highlights among her competition awards are First prize in the Artist Series of
Sarasota national competition, First prizes of both Solo Competition and Concerto
Competition of the Brevard Music Festival, First prize in the 7th Liszt International
Competition for Young Pianists in Moscow, Russia, and the First prize and the audience prize
in the 7th International Competition for Young Pianists ‘A Step Towards Mastery’ in St.
Petersburg, Russia. As an avid chamber musician, Ms. Li has participated in Ravinia’s Steans
Music Institute in Chicago, Four Seasons Winter Workshop in NC, and in summer 2019, she will
be joining the prestigious La Jolla Music Society in California.

<br>

### Angela Sin Ying Chan

{% include cmm/figure.html name="angela-chan.jpg" align="left" %}

Angela Sin Ying Chan was born in China and began playing violin at the age of 3. During her
years of undergraduate study she won awards in several international violin competitions,
including first prize in the 2019 Michael Hill International Violin Competition, first prize
in the 8th International Louise Spohr Competition for Young Violinists, and third prize in
the Andrea Postacchini Competition.

Ms. Chan has performed as a soloist with The Staatskapelle Weimar Orchestra of Germany,
China Philharmonic Orchestra, EOS Orchestra of Beijing, and the Hong Kong Symphonia. She was
a violin soloist in the Curtis Chamber Orchestra during their 2016 Unted States tour and
performed in the Curtis Symphony Orchestra during their 2017 European tour. Ms. Chan has
been a frequent recitalist in the Philadelphia area. In September 2019, she returned to
China to perform solo and chamber music recitals in Hong Kong, Beijing, and Xiamen.

Ms. Chan studied at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia from 2013 to 2020, where
her teachers included Aaron Rosand, Shmuel Ashkenasi, and Pamela Frank. In 2020, she was
awarded a full scholarship for graduate work at the New England Conservatory of Music under
the supervision of Donald Wilerstein.

<br>

### Andres Sanchez

{% include cmm/figure.html name="andres-sanchez.jpg" align="left" %}

Cellist Andres Sanchez was also accepted to the Curtis Institute of Music in 2013, where he
studies with cellist Peter Wiley and Carter Brey. Andres has appeared as soloist with the
Arconet Chamber Orchestra on several occasions and has also performed as a soloist with the
Kutztown Univeristy Chamber orchestra. He has also performed as a soloist with the Kennet
Square Symphony, the Central Jersey Symphony, and the Summit Symphony.

In the 2016-17 season, Andres served as the associate principal cellist of the Curtis
Symphony Orchestra and as principle of the Curtis Opera Orchestra. During his service,
Andres played in high profile venues such as the Kimmel Center; also a participant of the
2017 Curtis on Tour, Andres traveled and played in the finest venues of European cities
including Berlin’s Konzerthaus, Helsinki’s Musiikkitalo, Dresdner Philarmonie, and Weiner
Concert Hall.

Andres has attended the Banff Center Master Class Program where he studied with cellist
Andres Díaz, Raphael Walfisch, Denis Brott, and Colin Carr, and he has also participated in
Music From Angel Fire where he performed side by side with Artists such as Ida Kavafian,
Peter Wiley, Steven Tenenbom, and Ani Kavafian. The summer of 2019 will be his first time
participating in the Heifetz institute where Andres will play chamber music and solo recital
pieces throughout the festival.
