---
date: 2020-03-14 19:30:00 EDT
title: An Evening with Reed Tetzloff
artists: 
   - Reed Tetzloff, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artist

{% include cmm/figure.html name="reed-tetzloff.jpg" align="left" %}

The American pianist [Reed Tetzloff](https://reedtetzloff.com) has distinguished himself as
one of the brightest stars of a new generation of musicians, enthralling audiences with his
“magical tone” (The Cincinnati Enquirer) and “ebullient” virtuosity (Gramophone Magazine).
He showcases his unique gifts as a recitalist and concerto soloist on three continents,
having made his Lincoln Center debut with the Mannes Orchestra at Alice Tully Hall, and his
New York solo recital debut at Merkin Hall, both in 2012.

He has performed concerti with the Beaufort Symphony, the Cincinnati Symphony, the Lake
Superior Chamber Orchestra, the Mississippi Valley Orchestra, the Minnesota Orchestra, the
Moscow Virtuosi Chamber Orchestra, the Queens Symphony, the Rochester Philharmonic, the
Symfonieorkest de Lier, the Tbilisi Symphony, and the Wayzata Symphony. His recitals have
been heard across the United States, in China and in Europe. He has given four multi-city
tours of Belgium, playing at major venues including De Singel (Antwerp), Flagey (Brussels),
the Miry Concertzaal (Ghent), and the Chapelle Musicale Reine Elisabeth (Waterloo) to
critical acclaim.  Also in Europe, he has performed at the Small and Great Halls of the
Moscow Conservatory and the Grand Hall of the Tbilisi State Conservatoire.

At the XV International Tchaikovsky Competition in 2015, Reed Tetzloff was named one of
twelve semi-finalists. His performances were widely acclaimed in Russian media, which dubbed
him “the lyric hero of the competition,” and were noted by music connoisseurs around the
globe.

He has won prizes from other major international competitions: Beijing International Music
Festival and Academy, Cincinnati World Piano Competition, Cleveland International Piano
Competition, Five Towns Music and Art Foundation, Schimmel International Piano Competition,
and the Tbilisi International Piano Competition. In 2019, he won The American Prize - Ernst
Bacon Memorial Award for the Performance of American Music.  He has been awarded career
grants from Charlotte White’s Salon de Virtuosi and the Center for Musical Excellence (CME).

His debut solo album, “Sounds of Transcendence,” is available on Romeo Records. Reviewing
the album, Patrick Rucker of Gramophone Magazine praised his version of the Griffes Sonata
as “ranking easily with the recordings of Garrick Ohlsson and Stephen Beus as the finest
available,” and extolled his “refined touch,” “rhetorical aptness,” and “fervent rapture” in
music of Franck and Scriabin.

Born in 1992 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Mr. Tetzloff went on to earn his Bachelor’s and
Master’s degrees at Mannes College’s legendary Upper West Side campus, studying on a full
scholarship with Piano Department Chair Pavlina Dokovska.  While at Mannes, he won the two
largest awards available to pianists: the Concerto Competition (as a freshman) and the Nadia
Reisenberg Competition (as a sophomore).

He has also studied with Vladimir Valjarevic, and has worked privately and in Master Class
settings with artists such as Eteri Andjaparidze, Yefim Bronfman, Vladimir Feltsman, Richard
Goode, Jerome Rose, and Victor Rosenbaum.

Reed Tetzloff is an Artist-in-Residence with The Drozdoff Society, in whose Impromptu!
Classical Music Recital Series he is a frequent performer.  He is represented by Cherny
Concert & Artist Management Ltd.
