---
date: 2022-08-27 20:00:00Z
title: A Match Made at Curtis
artists: 
   - Emma Meinrenken, violin
   - Thomas Weaver, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

### Emma Meinrenken

{% include cmm/figure.html name="emma-meinrenken.png" align="left" %}

Canadian violinist Emma Carina Meinrenken was a Dorothy Richard Starling Foundation Annual
Fellow at the Curtis Institute of Music, where she studied with Ida Kavafian. She currently
studies with Augustin Hadelich at the Yale School of Music.

Emma's debut with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra took place at the age of 10. She has since
performed with several other major orchestras, including the Utah Symphony and the Orchestre
Métropolitain de Montréal.

Emma has won top awards at numerous competitions, including first place at the Stradivarius
International Violin Competition, the Jury Prize at the Jascha Heifetz International Violin
Competition, the silver medal at the Stulberg International String Competition, and grand
prizes at both the 2012 Canadian Music Competition and the 2013 FCMS National Competition.
She was also a semi-finalist at the last Fritz Kreisler International Violin Competition.

Emma performs on the 1689 “Baumgartner” Stradivarius violin, on loan from the Canada Council
for the Arts.

<br>

### Thomas Weaver

{% include cmm/figure.html name="thomas-weaver.png" align="left" %}

[Thomas Weaver](https://www.thomaseweaver.com) is an American pianist, composer, and
educator. His extensive repertoire contains music of the past as well as new compositions,
including many pieces written especially for him. A native of Marlton, NJ, he began his
study of piano at the age of eight, giving his first public performance at the age of nine.
He is currently based in Philadelphia.

Thomas Weaver maintains an active solo and chamber career that has included performances in
the United States, Europe, and Asia.  His playing has been hailed as displaying both
“sensitivity” and “incredible dexterity.”  Weaver has appeared in many concert halls,
including those in  New York (Carnegie/Weill Recital Hall, Greene Space, Lincoln Center,
Merkin Hall), Philadelphia, Washington D.C. (Phillips Collection), Boston (Jordan Hall),
Chicago, Nashville, Dallas, Berlin (Germany), Itami (Japan), the Tanglewood Music Festival,
Red Rocks Music Festival, New York Chamber Music Festival, and others.  Weaver has performed
with a number of eminent musicians including Elmira Darvarova, Jess Gillam, Kenneth
Radnofsky, Jennifer Frautschi, Gene Pokorny, and members of the Metropolitan Opera
Orchestra, New York Philharmonic, Philadelphia Orchestra, Boston Symphony Orchestra, and
others.  Weaver is a currently a member of the Amram Ensemble, Trio Ardente, and New England
Chamber Players.

Weaver is on faculty at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, where he teaches Core
Studies (harmony, counterpoint, and analysis), Keyboard Studies, and Supplementary Piano. He
is a staff pianist and accompanist at the Boston University Tanglewood Institute and at
Mannes College. He holds a Master of Music degree in both Piano Performance and Composition
from Mannes College, and a Bachelor of Music degree, summa cum laude, from Boston
University. His primary piano teachers include Anthony di Bonaventura, Victor Rosenbaum, and
Pavel Nersessian. His primary composition instructors include David Loeb, Dr. John Wallace,
Dr. Martin Amlin, and Jonathan Coopersmith.
