---
date: 2023-03-25 19:00:00Z
title: An Afternoon with Julia Yang
artists:
   - Julia Yang, cello
   - Jung-A Bang, piano
capacity: 20
---

<br/>

{% include cmm/figure.html name="julia-yang.png" align="center" shadow="true" %}

<br>

* TOC
{:toc}

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

<br/>

## About the Artists

### Julia Yang

{% include cmm/figure.html name="julia-yang.jpg" align="left" %}

Praised for “her sense of joyful virtuosity” as concerto soloist (South Florida Classical
Review), Julia Yang is a courageous and soulful cellist, multi-faceted performer, and
founding member of the “riveting” (Reading Eagle) and “impeccably elegant” Merz Trio (All
About the Arts).

As chamber musician, Yang has been called the "stunning find of the evening" (New York
Classical Review), has been noted for her “deep tone” and “precision,” and has performed
throughout the United States and internationally in Europe, Mexico, Australia and Canada
(South Florida Classical Review). Festival performances include the Marlboro Music Festival,
Lake Champlain Chamber Music Festival, Yellow Barn, Perlman Chamber Music Program, the Taos
School of Music, Britten-Pears’ Young Artist Program, and Poland’s Krzyzowa-Music. Her
chamber performances have been broadcast on national radio throughout the United States as
well as in the UK, Germany and Poland, and she can be heard on CD with the Merz Trio’s 2021
release of INK (hailed as “entrancing” by the BBC) as well as with the Aldeburgh Strings
(Linn Records).

Yang has toured as principal cellist of the New World Symphony where she was a fellow for
two seasons. She has extensive experience as principal cellist under conductors such as
Michael Tilson Thomas, Susanna Malkki, James Gaffigan, John Adams, Leonard Slatkin and
Nicholas McGegan in venues  including Carnegie Hall, Boston’s Symphony Hall, the Kennedy
Center and Miami’s New World Center and Arsht Center.

As educator and pedagogue, Yang teaches a small number of private students, has given
masterclasses at MIT, Iowa State University and the University of Tennessee, the New England
Conservatory’s Prep Division and as artist faculty at C’est Bon Chamber Music Camp. In
addition, Yang has worked as a Mentor at the Four Seasons Chamber Music Institute and as an
Interactive Performance Coach at Carnegie Hall’s Audience Engagement Intensive. As an alum
of Ensemble Connect, Yang has held educational residencies at Skidmore College, and has
created and performed dozens of interactive performances for diverse audiences across NYC.
Yang is an alum of Northwestern University, studying with Hans Jørgen Jensen, and the New
England Conservatory, studying with Laurence Lesser and Yeesun Kim.

<br/>

### Jung-A Bang

{% include cmm/figure.html name="jung-a-bang.jpg" align="left" %}

Praised for her “charming and uncompromised virtuosic playing” by the Calgary Herald,
pianist Jung-A Bang has appeared in prestigious concert halls across the world as a soloist
and collaborative artist. Ms. Bang has performed in venues including Weill Hall at Carnegie
Hall; Merkin Hall in New York City; Washington, D.C.’s Kennedy Center; Jordan Hall in
Boston; Chicago’s Cultural Center (live-streamed by WFMT;) and IBK Hall at Korea Arts Center
and Ewon Arts Center, both in Seoul, Korea.

In high demand as a collaborative pianist, Ms.Bang has served on the staff of Banff
International Music Program and Aspen Music Festival, as well as at major music schools,
including The Juilliard School and New England Conservatory.

A native of South Korea, Ms. Bang holds a Bachelor of Piano degree from New England
Conservatory, a Master of Music degree in Collaborative Piano from The Juilliard School, and
a Doctorate degree in Collaborative Piano from New England Conservatory. Ms. Bang is
currently a faculty member at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Walnut Hill
School for the Arts.

{% include cmm/about-the-concert.html %}
