---
date: 2023-01-14 19:00:00Z
title: A Winter Afternoon with Ilana Zaks
artists: 
   - Ilana Zaks, violin
   - David Ji, piano
capacity: 20
redirect_from:
   - concerts/20230114_zaks-ji.html
---

Join us on {{ page.date | date: "%A, %B %e, %Y at %-I:%M %P" }} to enjoy a performance by
violinist Ilana Zaks and pianist David Ji. This is their first appearance at these concerts.

<br>

* TOC
{:toc}

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

### Ilana Zaks

{% include cmm/figure.html name="ilana-zaks.jpg" align="left" %}

Jewish-American violinist Ilana Zaks has been described as “fearless, refreshing and
commanding ... she has all the requisites of technique, confidence, and sensibility for a
major career.” (Boston Music Intelligencer) and “captivating and delightful” (Worcester
Telegram). She has performed as a soloist with the Boston Civic Symphony, Rhode Island
Philharmonic Orchestra, New England Philharmonic, Pioneer Valley Symphony, Pro-Arte Chamber
Orchestra of Boston, Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra, Nashua Chamber Orchestra,
Wellesley Symphony, Brockton Symphony, Rhode Island Philharmonic Youth Symphony, Arlington
Philharmonic, Cape Cod Symphony, Symphony Pro Musica, and Thayer Symphony Orchestra.

As an entrepreneur, Ilana’s passion resides in creating theatrical multidisciplinary
collaboration, breaking the stereotypes of modern musical experiences through the inclusion
of contemporary works by women, popular recital works, and works she commissions. Her Jewish
identity inspires her to advance Tikkun Olam through creating community within a diverse
group of people through educational accessibility and the advancement of gender equality and
representation of women in leadership roles. Ilana loves contemporary music as well as
premiering new works in unusual instrumentation and presenting the music through
multidisciplinary means. In Spring 2019, she commissioned four composers (three from NEC,
one from Berklee) to write pieces for Violin and Percussion. The album, Persistence of
Memory, was awarded an EM grant from the New England Conservatory and was self-released on
CDbaby to great acclaim in November 2019, with the Visual Album Film of the same title
distributed on Amazon Prime.

Ilana Zaks studied with Donald Weilerstein for 12 years at New England Conservatory, where
she completed her Bachelor’s degree in violin performance and liberal arts minor in creative
arts in 2020. She is currently pursuing her Master’s degree at Yale, where she is also a
contributing writer at the Yale Daily News. In the summer of 2021, in addition to being a
featured artist at the Boston Public Library’s Concerts in the Courtyard series, Ilana was a
Presidential Public Service Fellow at Yale where she worked in community outreach,
education, and social justice/arts and cultural programming. 

### David Ji

{% include cmm/figure.html name="david-ji.jpg" align="left" %}

Pianist David Ji is a widely recognized performer, who combines insightful understanding,
fearless imagination, and sensitivity in mature performances. He made his concerto debut
with Prime Philharmonic Orchestra and as a solo recitalist and collaborator, he has
performed in many countries throughout the world, some of which include Germany, France,
Spain, Belgium, New Zealand, United States, Canada, and Korea. He has appeared in major
venues such as Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, National Opera Center, DiMenna Center, Merkin
Hall of Kaufman Center, Seoul Arts Center, and Kumho Arts Hall in Korea.

David is a winner of the Arthur Balsam Duo Competition in New York and worked with renowned
soloists and members of the New York Philharmonic, Philadelphia Orchestra, Metropolitan
Opera Orchestra, and Seattle Symphony. He participates regularly as a pianist at the Heifetz
International Music Institute.

Born in South Korea, David Ji started playing the piano at the age of 6. He moved to Canada
and studied at the Glenn Gould School of the Royal Conservatory of Music with Marc Durand
and Andrè Laplante. David is currently pursuing a Doctor of Musical Arts degree at the
Manhattan School of Music.

{% include cmm/about-the-concert.html %}
