---
date: 2021-05-15 19:00:00Z
title: Tanya Gabrielian in Concert
artists: 
   - Tanya Gabrielian, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artist

{%  include cmm/figure.html name="tanya-gabrielian.jpg" align="left"  %}

Hailed by the London Times as "a pianist of powerful physical and
imaginative muscle," [Tanya Gabrielian](https://www.tanyagabrielian.com) has
captivated audiences worldwide with her gripping performances. She has
performed on four continents in acclaimed venues including Carnegie Hall in
New York, Kennedy Center in Washington D.C., Sydney Opera House, Queen
Elizabeth Hall and Wigmore Hall in London, and the Salle Cortot in Paris,
with such orchestras as the Los Angeles Philharmonic, Sydney Symphony
Orchestra, Royal Scottish National Orchestra, New London Sinfonia, and the
Armenian Philharmonic Orchestra.

Tanya shot onto the international stage at the age of twenty with
back-to-back victories in the Scottish International Piano Competition and
Aram Khachaturyan International Piano Competition. Since then, performance
engagements have included Alice Tully Hall and the 92nd Street Y in New
York, Dame Myra Hess Concert Series in Chicago, Edinburgh International
Festival, Glasgow Royal Concert Hall, and a return recital engagement at
Wigmore Hall in London. Tanya’s Southbank debut recital in the Purcell Room
in London, presented by the Philharmonia Orchestra, was chosen as
“Performance of the Year” by Seen and Heard International. She has also been
featured on the cover of the magazine Clavier.

In addition to the traditional concert stage, Tanya is passionate about
inspiring new generations of musicians and music lovers in diverse settings,
dedicated to community engagement, education, and activism through art.
Projects have included collaborations with the National Alliance on Mental
Illness in programs featuring composers with mental illnesses, highlighting
the stigma around mental health issues; founding an interactive performance
series for patients at the New York State Psychiatric Institute; an
installation with the artist Fran Bull for the exhibit In Flanders Fields: A
Meditation on War; and a multidisciplinary collaboration combining Haydn’s
Seven Last Words of Our Savior on the Cross with final statements from
executed death row inmates. For her work, Tanya was awarded the Pro Musicis
International Award, McGraw-Hill Robert Sherman Award for Music Education
and Community Outreach, Salon de Virtuosi Career Grant, and the S&R
Washington Award, and she has held Artist-in-Residencies at Guild Hall and
23Arts.

Tanya completed her Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees at the Royal Academy of
Music in London, originally studying both piano and viola. She received the
prize for the best final recital for all six years of study and received a
DipRAM, the highest performance award given by the Royal Academy of Music.
Tanya then finished her studies at The Juilliard School as the only
candidate accepted for the prestigious Artist Diploma, an extraordinarily
selective post-graduate residency program. She has studied with Matti
Raekallio, Ursula Oppens, Robert McDonald, Hamish Milne, and Alexander Satz.
Tanya is currently Chair of the Piano Department at Boston University. ​
