---
date: 2021-12-04 19:00:00Z
title: Gregory Lewis and friends
artists: 
   - Gregory Lewis, violin
   - Stephen Perkyns, cello
   - Carter Johnson, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

### Gregory Lewis

{% include cmm/figure.html name="gregory-lewis.jpg" align="left" %}

Canadian violinist Gregory Lewis has performed extensively across North America and Europe as a
solo, chamber, and orchestral musician. Lewis made his solo Carnegie Hall debut in 2015 as First
Prize Winner of the American Protégé International Piano & Strings Competition, and has also
received First Prize in the Canadian National Music Festival, as well as Second Prize in the Doris
McLellan Competition and the Canadian Music Competition National Finals.

Growing up in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Lewis completed his ARCT Diploma in Violin Performance from the
Royal Conservatory of Music, under the instruction of Olga Medvedeva. He is a graduate of the
University of Manitoba and Yale University, where he studied with Oleg Pokhanovski, Chris Anstey,
and Ani Kavafian. He is currently pursuing an Artist Diploma at the Colburn Conservatory of Music as
a student of Martin Beaver.

### Stephen Perkyns

{% include cmm/figure.html name="stephen-perkyns.png" align="left" %}

Cellist Stephen Perkyns has performed in chamber music series such as the Colburn Chamber Music
Society, won chamber music competitions such as Colburn’s Recovered Voices Competition, and
collaborated with artists such as Noah Bendix-Balgley, Desmond Hoebig, Kathleen Winkler, Scott St.
John, Paul Coletti, and the Viano String Quartet. Mr. Perkyns has worked under the baton of Larry
Rachliff in the Shepherd School Symphony Orchestra and Chamber Orchestra where he rose to principal
cellist. Stephen has given several solo recitals and been a finalist and prize winner in many
regional, state and national competitions, including the 2019 Pasadena Showcase Competition, the
2017 HTMC Ruth Burr Competition, and the 2017 Mika Hasler National Competition.

Mr. Perkyns did his undergraduate work at the Rice University Shepherd School of Music in Houston
under the guidance of Desmond Hoebig. After graduating in 2018, he moved to Los Angeles to study
with Clive Greensmith at the Colburn Conservatory and received his Masters of Music degree in 2020.
He is currently pursuing his Master of Musical Arts degree at the Yale School of Music, where he
studies with Paul Watkins.

### Carter Johnson

{% include cmm/figure.html name="carter-johnson.jpg" align="left" %}

Carter Johnson began the study of piano at age five with Shelley Roberts (with whom he studied for
twelve years), continued studies with Michelle Mares, and then with Mark Anderson at the University
of British Columbia, where he received a Bachelor of Music in piano performance. His areas of
special interest include the music of J.S. Bach, Brahms, Schumann, contemporary music, and art song
(recently, he performed the complete song repertoire of Duparc).

In addition to his musical career, Johnson is an accomplished actor and speaker: he holds his ATCL
with Distinction in Speech and Drama from Trinity College London and has won many awards for his
performances of Shakespeare—combining this experience with his passion for educating audiences, his
discussions on music have become a highlight of his recitals for many concertgoers.

Johnson lives with his wife Hannah and their sons Preston and Ambrose in New York City where he is
active as a soloist, collaborator, and teacher. He is currently pursuing a Master of Music degree at
the Juilliard School, studying with Joseph Kalichstein and Matti Raekallio.
