---
date: 2022-03-05 19:00:00Z
title: An Afternoon with the Callisto Quartet
artists: 
   - Paul Aguilar, violin
   - Rachel Aguilar, violin
   - Eva Kennedy, viola
   - Hannah Moses, cello
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

{% include cmm/figure.html name="callisto-quartet.jpg" align="left" %}

Praised for their “intensity and bravado” and the “cohesion and intonation one might expect
from an ensemble twice their age” (Third Coast Review), the [Callisto
Quartet](https://www.callistoquartet.com) brings together four dedicated and passionate
musicians who share a love for chamber music and a true desire for excellence. Since their
formation in 2016 at the Cleveland Institute of Music, the quartet has quickly garnered top
prizes in nearly every major international chamber music competition and has been hailed by
audiences across North America and Europe. Grand prize winners of the 2018 Fischoff National
Chamber Music Competition and Second Prize Winners of the 2019 Banff International String
Quartet Competition, the Callisto Quartet has also taken home prizes from the Bordeaux
(2019), Melbourne (2018), and Wigmore Hall (2018) competitions. Currently serving as the
Fellowship String Quartet at Yale University where they help to coach chamber music for
undergraduate ensembles, the quartet has formerly held residencies at Rice University’s
Shepherd School of Music, Caramoor Center for Music and the Arts, and the prestigious
Escuela Superior de Música Reina Sofía in Madrid, Spain.

The quartet has participated and performed in many renowned chamber music festivals such as
the La Jolla Music Society Summerfest, the Great Lakes Chamber Music Festival, the Emilia
Romagna Festival, the Norfolk Chamber Music Festival, the McGill International String
Quartet Academy, the Juilliard String Quartet Seminar, and the Robert Mann String Quartet
Seminar. In 2018, at the invitation of Gerhard Schulz, they attended the Prussia Cove
International Musicians Seminar where they also worked with Gidon Kremer and Thomas Adès. As
part of their prize from the Wigmore Hall Competition, the quartet received an invitation to
the Jeunesses Musicales International Chamber Music Campus in Weikersheim, Germany where
they worked with Heime Müller, Donald Weilerstein, and the Cuarteto Casals.

Highlights of their recent performances include debuts in New York City and Chicago on the
Schneider Concert Series and at Ravinia Festival, respectively, as well as at the Heidelberg
String Quartet Festival. They were also featured in Carnegie’s Weill Recital Hall in July
2019 as Grand Prize winners of the 4th Manhattan International Music Competition Chamber
Music Division. Notable collaborations include appearances with cellist David Geringas at
the Cleveland Cello Society’s 20th anniversary concert as well as a collaboration with
clarinetist Frank Cohen on the ChamberFest Cleveland Series. Over the past two seasons at
the Great Lakes Chamber Music Festival they have collaborated with Paul Watkins, Lawrence
Power, Gilles Vonsattel, and John Novacek.

The Callisto Quartet is committed to continually broadening their musical horizons by
drawing inspiration from a plethora of mentors and musical approaches. They also believe
strongly in passing along their musical insights to younger students and sharing their music
in their communities. To this end they have served as faculty and given masterclasses at
numerous schools and festivals including the Bravo International Chamber Music Workshop,
University of Central Florida, Midwest Young Artists Conservatory, the Greenville Fine Arts
Center, and the CIM Preparatory Division. They frequently perform in schools, retirement
homes, and other community centers, and are featured as ensemble in residence at the
Carolina Music Museum in Greenville, SC. The Callisto Quartet is managed exclusively by Earl
Blackburn of Kanzen Arts.
