---
date: 2019-10-12 19:30:00 EDT
title: An Evening with Ariel Horowitz
artists: 
   - Ariel Horowitz, violin
   - Christine Wu, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

### Ariel Horowitz

{% include cmm/figure.html name="ariel-horowitz.jpg" align="left" %}

HAILED BY THE WASHINGTON POST AS “SWEETLY LYRICAL,” Ariel Horowitz cannot
remember life before loving music. A student of Ani Kavafian at the Yale
School of Music, Ariel previously studied with Itzhak Perlman and Catherine
Cho at The Juilliard School as an Arnold R. Deutsch/Dorothy DeLay Scholarship
recipient. Prizewinner of the Stulberg, Klein and Grumiaux, Juilliard, and
Yale concerto and chamber music competitions, Ariel received the Salon De
Virtuosi Career Grant in 2017. As founding director of The Heartbeat Project
music education initiative on the Navajo Reservation, Ariel received “From The
Top” Alumni Leadership Grants (2017-18) and the 2017 McGraw Hill-Robert
Sherman Award for Music Education and Community Outreach.

Violinist, composer, and activist, Ariel Horowitz enjoys an active performance
schedule, frequently pairing masterworks of the classical canon in dialogue
with her political and interdisciplinary compositions. Her Juilliard School
senior recital featured the premiere of her multimedia composition, Woman,
(dance, voice, violin and electronics). The Violin Channel praised Ariel’s
artistic energy: “If they gave out prizes for attitude...we think we may have
found the Olympic champion.” In 2017, she was Yale Philharmonia Concertmaster
and soloist for Richard Strauss’s Ein Heldenleben. She performed as soloist
with the Baltimore Symphony Orchestra at the Strathmore Music Center and
Meyerhoff Symphony Hall as well as with the Neue Philharmonie Westphalia,
Raanana Symphonette, Terre Haute Symphony Orchestra, Carmel Symphony
Orchestra, Columbus Indiana Philharmonic, New Albany Symphony Orchestra,
Chamber Orchestra Kremlin, and the Doctor’s Orchestral Society of New York as
well as numerous recitals in the United States, Italy, France, Israel, Brazil,
Belgium, Ukraine, and Argentina. She was a featured soloist at the United
Nations International Day for the Elimination of Sexual Violence in Conflict
in 2018. She enjoys cross-cultural/genre performances with Indian, Iraqi, and
Navajo musicians and collaborates with Toshi Reagon & BIGLovely as well as
Laura Love and Linda Tillery. In 2016, The Klein Competition featured Ariel on
a concert tour of California, Oregon, New York and Washington, DC. She was
distinguished as a semifinalist in the 2016 Menuhin Competition in London and
featured on NPR’s From The Top Annual Gala in 2014. At the 2012 Menuhin
Competition in Beijing, China Ariel performed an improvisational solo during
the Final Gala Concert and received the Morningside Music Bridge Young Artist
Award.

Ariel has attended The Perlman Music Program, Mozarteum Salzburg, Keshet Eilon
International Master Course, Yellow Barn Young Artists Program, and Orford
Music Centre among other festivals. A devoted chamber musician, Ariel has
received guidance from many musicians including Ivry Gitlin, Joseph Lin,
Daniel Phillips, David Finckel, Roger Tapping, Li Lin, Sarah Kapustin, Merry
Peckham, and former teachers Mimi Zweig and Mauricio Fuks. Ariel performed as
an orchestra player under the baton of the late David Zinman at Carnegie Hall
and Maestro Itzhak Perlman at both David Geffen Hall and Harris Theater in
Chicago.

### Christine Wu

{% include cmm/figure.html name="christine-wu.jpg" align="left" %}

AN AWARD-WINNING AMERICAN PIANIST, Christine Wu has performed in the U.S.,
France, Germany, and Italy. She received top prizes in the Ettore Pozzoli
International Piano Competition, the Chautauqua Institute Piano Competition,
Fite Family Competition, and awards from the Seattle International Piano
Competition, Washington International Piano Competition and the American
International Paderewski Piano Competition. She performs regularly with her
duo partner, violist Andrew Gonzalez.

Ms. Wu has been a featured soloist with orchestras including the Dearborn
Symphony Orchestra and Rochester Symphony Orchestra of Michigan. In January of
2011, she was invited to perform in the Liszt Festival at Juilliard,
commemorating the 200th anniversary of Liszt’s birth. She performs frequently
in solo and chamber recitals in Lincoln Center and various other concert
series in and around New York. She has participated in several international
music festivals, including the Music Academy of the West (2013) where she
received a full tuition fellowship, the Aspen Music Festival (2012), the
Bowdoin International Music Festival (2011), and the International Institute
of Young Musicians (2009). She has worked with several noteworthy artists
including Richard Goode, Menahem Pressler, Yoheved Kaplinsky, Yong-Hi Moon,
Matti Raekallio, Jerome Lowenthal, and Jeremy Denk.

Christine Wu studied at the Juillard School in New York City from 2011 to
2016, earning both the Bachelor of Music and Master of Music degrees. Her
teachers at Juillard included Hung-Kuan Chen, Choong-Mo Kang, Julian Martin,
and Logan Skelton. She is currently a student in the Doctor of Musical Arts
program at the Yale School of Music.
