---
date: 2021-12-11 19:00:00Z
title: Michael Katz in Concert
artists: 
   - Michael Katz, cello
   - Spencer Myer, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

### Michael Katz

{% include cmm/figure.html name="michael-katz.jpg" align="left" %}

Hailed by the press for his “bold, rich sound” (Strad Magazine) and “nuanced musicianship,” (New
York Times) Israeli Cellist Michael Katz has appeared as a soloist and chamber musician in
venues such as Carnegie Hall, David Geffen Hall, Alice Tully Hall, the Kennedy Center, the
Kimmel Center, the Van Wezel Performing Arts Center (Sarasota, FL), Oji Hall (Tokyo, Japan),
Philips Hall (Eindhoven, Netherlands), Teatro Cervantes (Malaga, Spain), Lucerne KKL (Lucerne,
Switzerland), and Henry Crown Auditorium (Jerusalem, Israel). He has performed at music
festivals such as Ravinia, Music@Menlo, Mostly Mozart, Festival Mozaic, Yellow Barn, Lucerne,
Holland Music Sessions, Sarasota, Methow Valley, Classical Bridge, Cooperstown, Green Box, Bard,
Copenhagen, Malaga Clasica, Perlman Music Program, Orford, and Kol Hamusica, and has
collaborated as a soloist with conductors such as James DePriest, David Stern, Barbara Yahr, and
Dongmin Kim. His musicianship has been recognized with many awards, among them all three awards
at the 2011 Aviv Competition, first prizes at the 2010 Juilliard School’s Concerto Competition,
and the 2005 Turjeman Competition, as well as awards from the America Israel Cultural Foundation
and the Ronen Foundation.

High in demand as a chamber musician, Mr. Katz has collaborated and performed with artists such
as Itzhak Perlman, Midori, Donald Weilerstein, Daniel Philips, Peter Wiley, Anthony Marwood,
Peter Frankl, Charles Neidich, Roger Tapping, Lucy Chapman.  As the cellist of the Lysander
Piano Trio, he was a winner of the 2012 Concert Artists Guild Competition, and was awarded first
prizes at the 2011 Coleman Competition and 2011 J.C. Arriaga Competition. Their first album
“After a Dream” was released in 2014 on CAG Records and was praised by the New York Times for
its “polished and spirited interpretations.”

Deeply committed to community outreach and education, from 2014-2016 Mr. Katz was a Fellow in
Carnegie Hall’s Ensemble Connect. He was previously selected to be part of a special string
quartet led by Midori to present formal and outreach concerts in Myanmar and Japan as part of
the 2013-2014 International Community Engagement Program, and was invited to return to the
program in 2016-2017 for concerts in Nepal and Japan.  Mr. Katz is a faculty member at the Csehy
Summer School of Music and the Chamber Music Institute in Stamford, CT and has served as an
adjunct cello professor at Nyack College from 2015-2017.

Mr. Katz has a great passion for expanding the cello repertoire with both lesser known and
contemporary works. He has premiered Works by Timo Andres, Ofer Ben-Amots, Christopher Cerone,
Jakub Ciupinski, Ann Cleare, Gilad Cohen, Bryce Dessner, Mohammed Fairouz, Daniel Felsenfeld,
Vivian Fung, Him Sophy, Juan Pablo Jofre, David T. Little, Zhou Long, Eric Moe, Reinaldo Moya,
Sergiu Natra, Olga Neuwirth, Jonathan Newman, Malcolm Payton, Paola Prestini, Chris Rogerson,
Huang Ruo, Caroline Shaw, Zhou Tian, Julian Wachner, Yehudi Wyner, and others.

Born in Tel-Aviv Israel, Mr. Katz began his cello studies at age 7. Among his teachers in Israel
were Zvi Plesser, Hillel Zori and the late Mikhail Khomitzer. Mr. Katz received his Bachelor of
Music degree from the New England Conservatory where he studied with Laurence Lesser, his Master
of Music degree from the Juilliard School where he studied with Joel Krosnick, and a Doctor of
Musical Arts degree from SUNY Stony Brook as a student of Colin Carr.

<br>

### Spencer Myer

{% include cmm/figure.html name="spencer-myer.png" align="left" %}

American pianist Spencer Myer is one of the most respected and sought-after artists on today's
concert stage. He was lauded for "superb playing" and "poised, alert musicianship" by the Boston
Globe, and labeled "definitely a man to watch" by London's The Independent.

Spencer Myer's career was launched with three important prizes: First Prize in the 2004 UNISA
International Piano Competition in South Africa, the 2006 Christel DeHaan Classical Fellowship
from the American Pianists Association and the Gold Medal from the 2008 New Orleans
International Piano Competition. He is also a laureate of the 2007 William Kapell, 2005
Cleveland and 2005 Busoni international piano competitions. He enjoys an esteemed reputation as
a vocal collaborator since winning the 2000 Marilyn Horne Foundation Competition.

Mr. Myer's recital appearances have been presented in New York City's Weill Recital Hall, 92nd
Street Y and Steinway Hall, Philadelphia's Kimmel Center and London’s Wigmore Hall, while many
of his performances have been broadcast on WQXR (New York City), WHYY (Philadelphia), WCLV
(Cleveland) and WFMT (Chicago). An in-demand chamber musician, he has appeared the past five
summers at the Lev Aronson Legacy Festival in Dallas with cellists Lynn Harrell, Ralph
Kirshbaum, Amit Peled, Tom Landschoot and Brian Thornton, and has enjoyed a recurring
partnership with the Miami String Quartet at the Kent/Blossom Music Festival. Other artistic
partners include clarinetist David Shifrin, sopranos Nicole Cabell, Martha Guth and Erin Wall,
the Jupiter and Pacifica string quartets and the Dorian Wind Quintet.

Mr. Myer was a member of Astral Artists' performance roster from 2003-2010. In the fall of 2015,
he was appointed Artist-Teacher of Piano and Collaborative Piano at Boston's Longy School of
Music of Bard College. Since 2017, Mr. Myer has released four recordings on the Steinway & Sons
label: Piano Rags of William Bolcom, and three discs with cellist Brian Thornton encompassing
repertoire of Brahms, Debussy and Schumann.

Spencer Myer is a Steinway Artist.
