---
date: 2020-01-25 19:30:00 EST
title: An Evening with Kyle Orth
artists: 
   - Kyle Orth, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artist

{% include cmm/figure.html name="kyle-orth.jpg" align="left" %}

Hailed as “spine-tingling” (Fort Worth Star Telegram) and “breathtaking” (Boston Musical
Intelligencer), [Kyle Orth](https://www.kyleorth.com) is a pianist of unusual virtuosity and
artistic sensitivity. Having concertized across the United States, Israel, and Mexico, Mr.
Orth is widely recognized as a captivating soloist and chamber musician. The Dallas Morning
News praised his playing as “thoughtfully proportioned and detailed, with plenty of
virtuosity when called for.”

Since Mr. Orth’s orchestral debut at the age of fifteen, he has appeared as soloist with the
Dallas Symphony Orchestra, Israel Symphony Orchestra, Fort Worth Symphony Orchestra,
Orquesta Sinfónica de Oaxaca (Mexico), Dallas Chamber Symphony, Missouri Symphony Orchestra,
Springfield Symphony Orchestra, Richardson Symphony Orchestra, and on several occasions with
the Plano Symphony Orchestra, performing under the batons of Jaap van Zweden, Vahagn Papian,
Miguel Harth-Bedoya, Hugh Wolff, Anshel Brusilow, Hector Guzman, and others. Mr. Orth has
also appeared with the symphony orchestras of Lewisville, Brazos Valley, Midland-Odessa, and
San Angelo. In January, he performed Tchaikovsky’s Piano Concerto No. 2 with Osmo Vänskä and
the Minnesota Orchestra on their subscription series, a performance which the Star Tribune
described as being “thrillingly visceral.”

A distinguished competitor, Mr. Orth holds over twenty first-place wins in local, national,
and international music competitions. Triumphs include Grand Prize in the Friends of the
Minnesota Orchestra Young Artist Competition, as well as First-Place in the Dallas
International Piano Competition, Music Teachers National Association (MTNA) Yamaha Senior
Piano Competition, Lennox International Young Artist's Competition, Midland-Odessa National
Young Artist Competition, and Hellam Young Artists Competition. He also received top prizes
in the Kingsville International Young Performers Competitions, Corpus Christi International
Piano Competition, and Wideman International Piano Competition.

In addition to attending the Perlman Music Program as a young artist, he participated in the
Pablo Casals Festival-Academie in France, PianoTexas International Festival, and the Tel Hai
International Master Classes in Israel, where he won first place in their concerto
competition. Mr. Orth's recordings have been broadcasted on WGBH-WCRB classical 99.5 in
Boston and New Hampshire, as well as WRR radio, classical 101.1 in Dallas. He has presented
solo recitals in Cabo San Lucas and Oaxaca, Mexico, as well as performances at the MFA
Boston, Dallas Museum of Art, Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth, and Meadows Museum (at SMU).
As an advocate for promoting music education in public schools, he was invited to perform on
numerous occasions for the Van Cliburn Foundation’s Musical Awakenings® Program.

Born in Fountain Valley, California and raised in Richardson, Texas, Mr. Orth studied
through high school with Marcy and Alex McDonald. He completed his undergraduate degree at
Texas Christian University (TCU) as a full-tuition scholarship student of John Owings. At
TCU he was a recipient of several music and academic awards, including the School of Music’s
Nordan Young Artist Award. He completed his graduate degree at the New England Conservatory,
where he is continuing his studies with Wha Kyung Byun in the highly selective DMA program.

Apart from his classical music studies, Mr. Orth enjoys reading, writing, and music
composition. He is active in the Jewish community, and served for three years as President
of Hillel at TCU. He lives in Boston with his wife, violinist Rachel Arcega Orth.
