---
date: 2020-02-15 19:30:00 EST
title: An Evening with Sophia Szokolay
artists: 
   - Sophia Anna Szokolay, violin
   - Sophiko Simsive, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artists

### Sophia Szokolay

{%  include cmm/figure.html name="sophia-szokolay.jpg" align="left"  %}

Canadian violinist Sophia Anna Szokolay made her international debut in 2013,
touring as soloist with the Győr Philharmonic Orchestra and giving recitals
throughout Hungary. She has since performed throughout Canada, the United States
and Europe, and has appeared as a guest soloist with A Far Cry, Toronto
Sinfonietta, Etobicoke Philharmonic, Laurentide Festival Orchestra, Taylor
Academy Chamber Orchestra, Scarborough Symphony, Toronto Symphony Youth
Orchestra and the Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra. Equally at home as a
soloist and chamber musician, Sophia has most recently collaborated with Pamela
Frank, Johannes Moser, Bonnie Hampton, Michael Kannen, Maria Lambros and
Jonathan Crow.

Sophia won first prize at the Plowman International Chamber Competition and
Bronze medal at the Fischoff Chamber Music Competition in 2017 with the Ivani
Quartet, mentored by Paul Katz and Kim Kashkashian. She received the Borromeo
Guest Artist Award in 2018, performing alongside the Borromeo Quartet in Jordan
Hall. Her love of chamber music has taken her to festivals worldwide, including
Yellowbarn, Perlman Music Program, Taos School of Music, Juilliard String
Quartet Seminar, Toronto Summer Music and Holland Music Sessions.

As an advocate of community engagement, Sophia is a Morse Teaching Artist at
Juilliard, where she works closely with elementary school students in Harlem. In
2020, she will represent the Perlman Music Program on tour in Florida,
performing throughout diverse communities.

Hailing from a multi-generation family of musicians, Sophia began her violin
studies at the age of 3. Sophia earned her Bachelor of Music minoring in music
theory from the New England Conservatory, studying with Miriam Fried. She is
currently pursuing a master’s degree at the Juilliard School, studying with
Donald Weilerstein and Catherine Cho.

<br>

### Sophiko Simsive

{% include cmm/figure.html name="sophiko-simsive.png" align="left" %}

Georgian-born pianist [Sophiko Simsive](http://sophikosimsive.com) has won
numerous awards and accolades including the first prize at the Princess
Christina Concours in the Netherlands, the Yamaha Piano Competition in
Amsterdam, the Young Pianist Foundation Competition, first prize at the
Geertruidenberg Klassiek, and GrachtenfestivalPrijs where she performed as
Artist-in-Residence during the Grachtenfestival.

Sophiko Simsive has toured extensively throughout North America, Asia, and
Europe, and made her debut at Carnegie Hall with cellist Kian Soltani. She has
participated in the Verbier International Music Festival, and most recently she
was selected as the winner of Music Academy of the West’s second Solo Piano
Competition, which will take her on a multi-city recital tour that includes
appearances at St. Luke’s in London, Chicago, Santa Barbara and LA. She is
represented by Interartists Amsterdam Management.

Sophiko moved to the United States in 2016 to study with Boris Berman at the
Yale School of Music. While at Yale, she earned two graduate degrees and
performed a concerto with the Yale Philharmonia. Sophiko recently began work on
a doctorate at the Manhattan School of Music, where she studies with Dr. Solomon
Mikowsky.
