---
date: 2022-08-13 20:00:00Z
title: From Guildhall With Love
artists: 
   - Stephanie Tang, piano
---

## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}

## About the Artist

{% include cmm/figure.html name="stephanie-tang.png" align="left" %}

Chinese-American pianist [Stephanie Tang](https://www.stephanietangpiano.com) is the
prizewinner of prominent international competitions and has performed as a soloist and
chamber musician worldwide. At the age of 12, she performed in Carnegie Hall’s Weill Recital
Hall and at sixteen, made her orchestral solo debut with the West Covina Symphony Orchestra.
She has since then performed in major venues such as Walt Disney Concert Hall (Los Angeles),
Shenzhen Concert Hall, Himalayan Concert Hall (Shanghai), Sendai Concert Hall, throughout
the Netherlands, Place Flagey (Brussels), Milton Court Concert Hall (London), Banff Centre,
and Koerner Hall (Toronto).

Stephanie has won 1st prize at the Young Pianists’ Beethoven Competition, 2nd prize at the
Louisiana International Piano Competition, 2nd prize at the Susan Torres Award for Pianists
and the Jury’s Discretionary Prize at the Los Angeles Philharmonic’s Bronislaw Kaper Awards.
In 2017, she competed in the Sendai International Piano Competition and was a finalist in
the Heida Hermanns International Piano Competition. In 2021, she was a semi-finalist in the
Montreal International Piano Competition and performed at Place Flagey in Brussels at the
Queen Elisabeth International Piano Competition.

Stephanie has spent her summers at the Banff Centre, Holland Music Sessions, Music Academy
of the West and Sarasota Music Festival. In masterclass, she has worked with exceptional
artists such as Thomas Adès, Richard Goode, Robert Levin, Jonathan Biss, Robert McDonald,
Matti Raekallio, Jean-Yves Thibaudet, Menahem Pressler, and Leon Fleisher.

An avid chamber musician, she has performed and collaborated with John Adams, András Diaz,
Esa-Pekka Salonen, and coached with members of the Ébène, Guarneri, Endellion and Tokyo
Quartets. She is a member of the London-based Paddington Trio; they have recently won 1st
prize at the 70th Royal Over-Seas League Competition (2022) and 2nd prize as well as the
special prize for the best interpretation of an Estonian work at the Tallinn International
Piano Chamber Music Competition (2021).

Stephanie began her professional pre-collegiate studies with Zhaoyi Dan at the Shenzhen Arts
School in China. She holds a Bachelor of Music from the Colburn School, Artist Diploma from
the Glenn Gould School and Master of Music from the Yale School of Music. Her principal
teachers have included John Perry, David Louie, Peter Serkin and Boris Slutsky. She is
currently in her 2nd year of Artist Diploma studies with Ronan O’Hora at the Guildhall
School of Music & Drama.

Stephanie currently resides in London and enjoys an active career as a soloist and chamber
musician. Upcoming concert highlights include debut chamber performances at Wigmore Hall and
a concerto debut at the Barbican Hall, performing Brahms Piano Concerto No. 1 with the
Guildhall Symphony Orchestra under Adrian Leaper.
