---
date: 2017-12-09 19:30:00 EST
title: An Evening with Dongwon Lee
artists: 
   - Dongwon Lee, piano
   - Jiyoung Choi, cello
---



## Program

{% include cmm/program.html %}



## About the Artists

### Dongwon Lee

{% include cmm/figure.html name="dongwon-lee.jpg" align="left" %}

Dongwon Lee has been playing the piano since the age of seven. He began his formal training
in 2004 at the Music Institute of Chicago with Claire Aebersold and Ralph Neiweem, then
continued private lessons with Arthur Greene at the University of Michigan School of Music,
Theatre & Dance. In 2012, he was admitted to both Columbia University and Juilliard and
attended both institutions simultaneously through a joint program.

At Juilliard, Dongwon studied with Choong-Mo Kang and Hung-Kuan Chen, and is now pursuing a
Master’s degree at the Yale University School of Music under Peter Frankl and Wei-Yi Yang.
Dongwon has also worked with prominent musicians such as Ludovic Morlot, Richard Goode, Leon
Fleisher, Douglas Humpherys, Nelita True, Christopher Elton, Boris Berman, and members of
the Brentano and Endellion String Quartets.

Dongwon is a recipient of numerous scholarships and awards, including top prizes at the 5th
Eastman International Piano Competition, the 28th International Smetana Piano Competition,
the 2012 Seattle Young Artists Music Festival, and was a finalist at the 5th New York
International Piano Competition. A 2012 Jack Kent Cooke Young Artist, he has been featured
on National Public Radio’s “From the Top” at the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.
Dongwon has also appeared as soloist with ensembles such as the Juilliard Orchestra,
Rochester Philharmonic, Philharmonia Northwest, Puget Sound Symphony, and with the Seattle
Symphony. An avid chamber musician and collaborative pianist, he and his trio won the “Luigi
Boccherini” second prize at the Virtuoso and Bel canto Festival of Lucca, Italy.

Aside from music, Dongwon has an avid interest in psychology. He graduated from Columbia
with highest honors in Psychology and co-authored several journal articles in the field of
vision research.

<br>

### Jiyoung Choi

Cellist Jiyoung Choi began her studies at the age of eight and first appeared on stage as a
soloist when she was ten. She is currently pursuing her Master of Musical Arts degree and
received her Master of Music degree from Yale School of Music, where she is studying with
Aldo Parisot. She received her Bachelor’s from Ewha Womans University in Seoul, Korea under
the guidance of William Bai.

She has won numerous competitions and awards, such as first prize at both Ewha Womans
University Music Competition and the Bucheon Music Competition. Most recently she was a 2017
winner of the Chamber Music Competition at Yale School of Music. She has won additional
awards at Guri Philharmonic Competition, Sungshin University Music Competition, Yejeon
Competition, Korean Mozart Music Competition, etc.

Recent performances have included recitals at the 2016 Holland Music Sessions, Guilford
Performing Arts Festival, and Incheon Music “hic et nunc”. She has participated in many
masterclasses and also has appeared as a soloist with the Ewha Philharmonic Orchestra and
Young Philharmonic Orchestra in Seoul.

Jiyoung has served as a principal cellist of Ewha Philharmonic Orchestra and Musicalta
Festival in France. Additional orchestral experiences include Kyunggi Philharmonic Orchestra
with Riccardo Muti, London Cello Orchestra, Symphony Song with Shinik Hahm, and Seoul Youth
Orchestra with Chiyoung Jung.

